Add `textDocument/doccDocumentation` request (#1851)
swiftlang/sourcekit-lsp: Contributor Documentation/LSP Extensions.md

}
```

## `textDocument/doccDocumentation`

> New request that returns a RenderNode for a symbol at a given location that can then be
> rendered in an editor by `swiftlang/swift-docc-render`.

Reviewer: `swiftlang/swift-docc-render` looks a little bit like another LSP request to me, which I found confusing. 

```suggestion
Returns a RenderNode for a symbol at a given location that can then be rendered in an editor by https://github.com/swiftlang/swift-docc-render/.
```

Author: Done.

This request uses Swift DocC's convert service to convert documentation for a Swift symbol
or Markup/Tutorial file. It responds with a string containing a JSON encoded `RenderNode`
or an error if the documentation could not be converted. This error message can be displayed

> to the user in the live preview editor.

Reviewer: I think the part about the error no longer applies since we use standard LSP error responses now.

Author: Changed this to talk about failure messages that we send via the LSP request failed error.

}
```

> ## `textDocument/convertDocumentation`

Author: It is definitely docs-specific. However, it doesn't really fit in with the `textDocument/hover` request since its purpose is to drive a live preview editor rather than hover (though we could definitely have SwiftDocC drive our hovers in the future if we want).

I've opted to go with renaming this request to `textDocument/doccDocumentation`.

New request that returns a RenderNode for a symbol at a given location that can then be
rendered in an editor by `swiftlang/swift-docc-render`.

This request uses Swift DocC's convert service to convert documentation for a Swift symbol
or Markup/Tutorial file. It responds with a string containing a JSON encoded `RenderNode`
or an error if the documentation could not be converted. This error message can be displayed
to the user in the live preview editor.

At the moment this request is only available on macOS and Linux. If SourceKit-LSP supports
this request it will add `textDocument/convertDocumentation` to its experimental server
capabilities.

```ts
export interface ConvertDocumentationParams {
    /**
     * The document to render documentation for.
     */

>     textDocument: TextDocumentIdentifier;

Reviewer: Could you use 2 spaces for indentation here?

Author: Done.

    /**
     * The document location at which to lookup symbol information.
     * 
     * This parameter is only used in Swift files to determine which symbol to render.
     * The position is ignored for markdown and tutorial documents.
     */

>     position: Position;

Author: Good point. Done.
